Who dares to touch my savior?
Mr. Gu, why are you here?
Mr. Gu, what are you doing?
Get up quickly
Brother Song is my savior
Done suddenly
Mr. Gu
You are already right.
If there is no reminder from Brother Song and your daughter
I'm afraid Gu is already lying in the small box by now
So I decided.
The investment in the Song brothers was increased to 200 billion
and
Permanent cooperation agreement
It was really said by Xiaoyuer
Ah, to be with such an excellent man
otherwise
I want my daughter to download and send it to my brother.
Alone?
What are you talking about?
Yesterday, yesterday, he cursed you, why did you leave me alone?
Blind your dog eyes
You dare to kill me even if I talk to Brother Song
Lonely why are you so single
Just positive
Brother Song is my savior
It's something you can slander
Pass my order
From now on, the general will release the alliance
Terminate all cooperation with Jiangzhou
father-in-law
You can't give that order!
We'll go out of business as soon as you give this order
Can't not
Dare to deal with my savior
This is what happens.
And you two
I have targeted the Song brothers a lot before
You two are treated the same as Qi Guangjin